very good with all the emelecsistas
who are watching my video
First of all thank all the
people who saw my first video had
more welcome than I had in mind and
I liked to thank the rich
thank resolved page
light bulb by playing this
video on their respective pages
well finally this video is to talk
now about what is the theme of the
historical or commemorative t-shirt
bichampion of emelec give me my point of
view
and how much controversy I have
understood of the cajiga of the environment of
this topic good to start me
it seems very good idea very good
initiative that the sport club emelec go
to get a T-shirt for sale
commemorative of the bicampeonato is a
historical fact
it's a championship I would say that one of the
more celebrated not to say the greatest of
whole story Sport Emelec although
I'm not very old
I'm young I've lived the championships
from 94 but for me the most with
in front was the 2002 with that Chilean
of porous at the last minute against the
aucas
it was a bicampeonato remembered good
to date I remember it was very
exciting but I think this match
is final rather said against the
rival of always is Barcelona
won 30 the way everything was seen
that enveloped the whole environment
previous the press calling it the class
at the end of the century the final dreamed the
end of the shipyard classic and so on
I believe that
that is deserved that a shirt is made
commemorative for all who are
fans of this great club on the other hand
I have heard or seen in different
pages
barcelona- would be opposing that
take out this shirt and it would be
conditioning marathon sports according to
I have understood this to be true rumor
I think they are very wrong because in
no time on the shirt or the
project or the prototype looks that says
something allusive to attack said
institution does it in a way
celebrating our like who says to
difference from them when I have
champions in 2012
they pulled divided that was called I think the
star 14 in which if they removed from 5 a
0 and you could say that good no no no
I could tell you it was offensive asimelec
but hey, they also
they did because I say I do not know if it 's
objective because I have not seen sincerely
that you have seen it, you can comment here
the comment tray in order
so
I think they should have preached with the
example
and they are not in moral quality as to
prohibit or condition marathon sports
in the biggest sports industry in the
country only knows for one of the years
and condition it so that it does not take
shirt I think that that's wrong is a
resource in vain and I do not think maradona x
ignore that threat if it is
true marathon sports would be
hurting again sell the tremendous
tremendous numbers of shirts to leave
to perceive tremendous desire
on the other hand
I think he reads me
should in case that martín sport
deny the distribution of the shirt
You should look for other ways like there
I heard or that I would harvard this
It would be in charge of distributing it
try a joint
I understand that it is not at the level
national
nationally I think that they could be
go through another chain the one that follows
checking if it's that I'm not
wrong I think it's ko sport center
should look for other ways I think
nm should terminate contracts with
burton is because in case this one
show any negative towards the
commemorative shirt
then that my point of view I do not know that
you get any comment
I come back and I repeat you can put it in the
comment tray here on the page
from youtube on the channel
if the money you liked the point of view
of the like subscribe and wait more
of my informative videos I send you a
hug all the blue brothers
we are seeing blessings be careful